# bundl - social bookmarking and resource management

bundle is a resource management tool that makes it easier to collect and access related information. Store your favorite sites, articles, videos and other media in organized 'bundls". Access saved information across the Internet from one location and never lose valueable online resources!

## Heroku
bundl is hosted using Heroku and can be accessed at https://bundl-it.herokuapp.com/

## Usage
bundl is a bookmarking app that allows you to store online resources in organized collections. The home page displays a card deck of all the existing bundls and allows for bundl management. Each time the page loads, every bundl is assigned an image. The image is generated by querying the Unsplash API (https://unsplash.com/developers) with the bundl title and randomly selecting a photo from the returned result set. Click on a bundl title to enter the collection and view the list of contained media items. From here, manage media items and click on a media item title to redirect to the URL of the desired resource. The URL will open in a new browser tab. 

## Development
bundl is a web application written in Ruby on Rails with a bootstrap + jquery front-end component. The app uses the `rspec-rails` gem to integrate RSpec behavior driven development and validate the models. The app features a Postrgres database component to store bundl content. 

## Run Locally
To run the app, navigate to a destination directory and clone the repository with the command `git clone https://...`. Within this directory run `bundle install` to update the project with the proper dependencies. Next, run `yarn install --check-files` to update yarn packages. Wepbacker needs to validate the yarn integrity file. Then, change the username and database in `app/config/database.yml` from "benemrick" to point to an existing Postgres database. To create the database schema run `rake db:migrate`. Run `rake db:seed` to populate the newly created tables with sample data. Finally, run `rails s` to start the rails web server. The web app can now be accessed by navigating to "http://localhost:3000/" in a desired browser. 

## Authorship
This app was written exclusively by Ben Emrick. 
